README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/BoldGrid/post-and-page-builder.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/BoldGrid/post-and-page-builder)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--2.0%2B-orange.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BoldGrid/boldgrid-editor/master/LICENSE)
[![PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-5.4%2B-blue.svg)](https://php.net)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/BoldGrid/post-and-page-builder.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

Plugin Page:
[https://wordpress.org/plugins/post-and-page-builder/](https://wordpress.org/plugins/post-and-page-builder/)

Official Download Link:
[https://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/post-and-page-builder.zip](https://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/post-and-page-builder.zip)

# Post and Page Builder

**Contributors:** boldgrid, rramo012, imh_brad, timph, joemoto, jamesros161

**Tags:** page builder, drag and drop, tinymce, editor, landing page

**Requires at least:** 4.7

**Tested up to:** 5.6

**License:** GPLv2 or later

**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

## Description

Post and Page Builder is a standalone plugin which adds functionality to the existing TinyMCE Editor
used in the WordPress page and post editor.

## Requirements

* PHP 5.4 or higher.

## Installation

1. Upload the entire post-and-page-builder folder to the /wp-content/plugins/ directory.

2. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress.

## Development

### Installing Dependencies
Before you can use the development version of this plugin you must install the dependencies.

```
composer install
yarn install
```
### CSS/JS Development
If you plan on modifying any front end assets you will need to start the webpack dev server.
```
# Run localhost:4000 with hot reload
yarn dev

# Add the following to your wp-config.php
define( 'SCRIPT_DEBUG', true );
define( 'BGEDITOR_SCRIPT_DEBUG', true );
```

### Build for production
The full build is committed to github (changing soon). Before pushing up your changes, run the following command to ensure all assets are updated.
```
yarn build
```

Commit message:

Branch 1.21.1 (#442)
* Imh responsive (#440)

* Add third-party theme buttons

* Update installation instructions

* Update docblocks per feedback

* add pallate alphas

* fix hover visibility checked

* remove pointer for FSE

* add span and dividers to info panel

* Add additional button class

* adjust padding on mobile view

* add ppb-button class to 'reset_anchor_spaces'

* add filtering of premium URLs

* fix new post heading fonts

* add block library search

* Block library search (#411)

* add block library search

* fix blank section bug

* fix library loading

* update RC version

Co-authored-by: Jesse Owens <jesse@jessecowens.com>
Co-authored-by: bwmarkle <bradm@inmotionhosting.com>

* resolves #439

* resolves #398

* update readme

* add comment

* remove duplicate methods

* fix animate.js not found

* remove duplicate methods

Co-authored-by: Jesse Owens <jesse@jessecowens.com>
Co-authored-by: bwmarkle <bradm@inmotionhosting.com>

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/BoldGrid/post-and-page-builder.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/BoldGrid/post-and-page-builder)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--2.0%2B-orange.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BoldGrid/boldgrid-editor/master/LICENSE)
[![PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-5.4%2B-blue.svg)](https://php.net)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/BoldGrid/post-and-page-builder.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

Plugin Page:
[https://wordpress.org/plugins/post-and-page-builder/](https://wordpress.org/plugins/post-and-page-builder/)

Official Download Link:
[https://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/post-and-page-builder.zip](https://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/post-and-page-builder.zip)

# Post and Page Builder

**Contributors:** boldgrid, rramo012, imh_brad, timph, joemoto, jamesros161

**Tags:** page builder, drag and drop, tinymce, editor, landing page

**Requires at least:** 4.7

**Tested up to:** 5.6

**License:** GPLv2 or later

**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

## Description

Post and Page Builder is a standalone plugin which adds functionality to the existing TinyMCE Editor
used in the WordPress page and post editor.

## Requirements

* PHP 5.4 or higher.

## Installation

1. Upload the entire post-and-page-builder folder to the /wp-content/plugins/ directory.

2. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress.

## Development

### Installing Dependencies
Before you can use the development version of this plugin you must install the dependencies.

First, install Node version 10 if necessary, and set the build to use it.
```
nvm install 10
nvm use 10
```
Then, proceed to install the dependencies.
```
composer install
yarn install
```
### CSS/JS Development
If you plan on modifying any front end assets you will need to start the webpack dev server.
```
# Run localhost:4000 with hot reload
yarn dev

# Add the following to your wp-config.php
define( 'SCRIPT_DEBUG', true );
define( 'BGEDITOR_SCRIPT_DEBUG', true );
```

### Build for production
The full build is committed to github (changing soon). Before pushing up your changes, run the following command to ensure all assets are updated.
```
yarn build
```
